# Report - Dec 27, 2021#

## Agenda ##
- Create front end app that plots movement of animat in real time
    - Should also accept inputs to generate different types of animats
- modify "backend" code to allow it to interface with app and provide real-time results (as opposed to the current method of waiting until all steps are completed in order to display data)


## Activities/Accomplishments and Concepts/Lessons Learned ##
Concepts:
- Streamlit front end development, including:
    - st.empty for placeholders
    - st.number inputs
    - st.pyplot integration
- test driven development

Activities:
- Creating the app and adding functionality piece-by-piece took a bit of time, but wasn't super complicated. Much easier than standard web app building.
- Following test-driven-development guidelines to modify the rest of the 'backend'. 
    - Following [this blog](https://testdriven.io/blog/modern-tdd/) helped a lot!

Achievements:
- Finished Streamlit app, with the following features:
    - Displays a plot showing movement of actors
    - number of actors, number of segments, height, distance to travel, x_lim, speed, and gait can all be set using GUI sliders.
- Started test suite for animat, set up environment for testing leg creation




## Issues/Problems
- Can't get buttons to work with a callable. Fix was to use an if statement as follows:
    ```
    if run_btn:
        run()
    ```
    It would be cleaner to use the callable as intended, but maybe a todo item for later
- Controller doesn't seem to be necessary anymore
- I'm finding it difficult to call modules when they're in different folders. If I had my way, the codebase would be slightly more organized with separate folders. 
- My conda environment often fails to install packages because my python version is 3.10. I think the issue is that it attempts to use version 3.1 of python. According to [this SO page](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69481608/cannot-set-up-a-conda-environment-with-python-3-10), it's a known issue. The issue page on Github says they're waiting for the new release to fix it. For now, I've been using pip install. Unsure if that will mess with anything.


## Plans for next session
- continue to work on TDD for animat
 
